This Data Savvy Tutorial (Spark Streaming Series) will help you to understand all the basics of Apache Spark Streaming. This Spark tutorial is ideal for both beginners as well as professionals who want to learn or brush up Apache Spark Streaming concepts. Below are the topics covered in this tutorial:

1. What is Streaming? Why Streaming?
2. Streaming Basics – Dstream, Streaming Context Etc
3. Spark Notebook Setup
4. Hello world Spark Streaming
5. Spark Streaming Architecture
6. Spark Streaming In depth – State full and Stateless Transformations
7. Kafka Spark Integration
8. Spark Streaming performance Optimization
9. Spark Streaming Project

Subscribe to our channel to get video updates. Hit the subscribe button above.

Check our complete Apache Spark playlist here: 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9sbKmQTkW04_MDKPE8eEwOhYD1-G0Nox

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

About the Course

This Spark training will enable learners to understand What are the basics of Apache spark streaming. we will explain how streamng applications are different from Traditional Batch processing applications. We will also try different spark Streaming examples like kafka spark integration. reading data from twitter.
We will also go in details of Spark Streaming Architecture . Then we will see how stateful and stateless transformations are done in spark streaming. how these are useful

After completing the Apache Spark and Scala training, you will be able to:

1) Spark Streaming and its Basics
2) Master the concepts of Spark streaming internals
3) Install Spark notebook and do practice
4) Understand the role of Spark Dstream
5) Implement Spark Streaming applications 
6) Spark Real-time Projects

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Who should go for this Course?

This course is a must for anyone who aspires to embark into the field of big data and keep abreast of the latest developments around fast and efficient processing of ever-growing data using Spark and related projects. The course is ideal for:

1. Big Data enthusiasts 
2. Software Architects, Engineers and Developers 
3. Data Scientists and Analytics professionals

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Why learn Apache Spark?

In this era of ever growing data, the need for analyzing it for meaningful business insights is paramount. There are different big data processing alternatives like Hadoop, Spark, Storm and many more. Spark, however is unique in providing batch as well as streaming capabilities, thus making it a preferred choice for lightening fast big data analysis platforms.
The following blogs will help you understand the significance of Spark training:

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/XoomAnalytics/
Github : https://github.com/harjeet88/spark_streaming_youtube
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/harjeetk/

#spark #sparkstreaming #bigdata #hadoop
#hive 

spark streaming tutorial, pyspark streaming tutorial, apache spark streaming tutorial,spark streaming, what is streaming, what is spark streaming,
learn spark streaming, spark streaming course, basics of spark streaming,spark streaming questions, 
spark streaming interview,spark streaming interview questions, apache spark tutorial, big data, apache spark